Fix Panic generated when user does not have a home directory set (#1040)
Azure/azure-storage-fuse: TSG.md

For HNS account, always add `type: adls` under `azstorage` section in your config file. Avoid using `endpoint` unless your storage account is behind a private endpoint. Blobfuse2 uses both blob and dfs endpoints to connect to storage account. User has to expose both these endpoints over private-endpoint for blobfuse2 to function properly.

> To create a private-endpoint for DFS in Azure portal: Go to your storageaccount -> Networking -> Private Endpoint connections. Click + Private endpoint, fill in subscription, resourcegroup, Name, Network Interface Name and Region. Click next and under Target sub-resource select dfs. Click Virtual network and select virtual netork and Subnet. Click DNS. Select Yes for Integrate with private DNS. Select the subscription and resourcegroup for your private link DNS. Select Next, Next and select create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a private-endpoint for DFS in Azure portal: Go to your storage account -> Networking -> Private Endpoint connections. Click `+ Private endpoint`, fill in Subscription, Resource Group, Name, Network Interface Name and Region. Click next and under Target sub-resource select `dfs`. Click Virtual network and select virtual network and Subnet. Click DNS. Select Yes for Integrate with private DNS. Select the Subscription and Resource Group for your private link DNS. Select Next, Next and select Create.
```
